docs: update README (#565)
edgexfoundry/edgex-ui-go: README.md

```
make test
```

## Using the edgex-ui

With a modern browser, navigate to http://yourdomain:4000 (change *yourdomain* to your server's hostname or ip). 
> NOTE: the GUI is running in non-secure mode when the environment variable EDGEX_SECURITY_SECRET_STORE=false, if EDGEX_SECURITY_SECRET_STORE=true, the accesss token for edgex is required, see the edgex document how to get the token.

> > NOTE: make sure that EdgeXFoundry is already running, Please refer to [Edgex Services Get Started](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-go/blob/main/README.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: make sure that EdgeXFoundry is already running, Please refer to [Edgex Services Get Started](https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/latest/getting-started/Ch-GettingStartedUsers/). 
```

## User tutorial

> [tutorial](https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/2.3/getting-started/tools/Ch-GUI/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[tutorial](https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/latest/getting-started/tools/Ch-GUI/). 
```
I suggest using the alias `latest` to always have the latest/stable version

## User tutorial
[tutorial](https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/2.3/getting-started/tools/Ch-GUI/). 

To start all the EdgeX Go microservices in Docker, run the following command in the root of the EdgeX Go directory:
## Other installation and deployment options

### Build your own Docker Containers

```
make docker run_docker
make docker
```

With a modern browser, navigate to http://yourdomain:4000 (change *yourdomain* to your server's hostname or ip). 
> NOTE: make sure that EdgeXFoundry is already running, Please refer to [Edgex Services Get Started](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-go/blob/main/README.md). 

### Snap 

EdgeX UI is also available as a snap package. For more details on the snap, including how to install it, please refer to [EdgeX UI Snap](./snap/README.md)

## Community

> - [EdgeXFoundry Chinese Club](https://www.edgexfoundry.club)

Reviewer: FYI, there is an useful website: [EdgeXFoundry Chinese Website](https://cn.edgexfoundry.org/)
